the study preview regular amount when I was in college but some people
had to study a lot more than I studied in some people study a lot less
than I study it depends on the courses you're taking it depends
on intellectual capabilities you have in the background you have but
it's probably twice as much studying in colleges who used to doing
the most high schools but that varies by high school what I know their
high schools we can get to the entire high school program and get
pretty good grades by doing nothing other than showing up in class
and then there are other high schools are very very challenging their
almost collegiate like yeah and the amount of study you have to do
to get a decent grade